subsys: bluetooth: services: add continuous glucose monitoring service (#7910)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_cgm/README.rst

.. _peripheral_cgm:

Bluetooth: Continuous Glucose Monitoring Service (CGMS)
#######################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Peripheral Continuous Glucose Monitoring Service (CGMS) example demonstrates a simply use of continuous glucose service.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

The sample demonstrates a basic Bluetooth® Low Energy Peripheral role functionality that exposes the Continuous Glucose Monitoring GATT Service.
Once it connects to a Central device, it generates dummy glucose measurement values.
You can use it together with 'Continuous Glucose' module in nRF toolbox app.

Building and running
********************

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, you can test it by connecting to
a smartphone that has nRF toolbox app installed.

1. |connect_terminal_specific|

> #. Reset the kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Reset the development kit.
```

> #. Open nRF toolbox app and select Continuous Glucose module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open the nRF Toolbox app and select the **Continuous Glucose** module.
```

> #. Connect to the kit by clicking its name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click the name of the development kit to connect to it.
```

#. For the security permissions are authentication required, the device
   will print the pairing key in terminal. Input the key on the client side.
#. If pairing is successful, in the terminal window, observe that notifications are enabled::

      <inf> cgms: CGMS Measurement: notifications enabled
      <inf> cgms: CGMS RACP: notifications enabled
      <inf> cgms: CGMS SOCP: notifications enabled

> #. The glucose measurement will be sent to client using notification. The client
>    can also retrieve record using record access control point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The glucose measurement is sent to the client using a notification.
   The client can also retrieve the record using the record access control point.
```

.. _peripheral_cgm:

Bluetooth: Continuous Glucose Monitoring Service (CGMS)
#######################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Peripheral Continuous Glucose Monitoring Service (CGMS) sample demonstrates the use of continuous glucose service.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

.. include:: /includes/tfm.txt

Overview
********

The sample demonstrates a basic Bluetooth® Low Energy Peripheral role functionality that exposes the Continuous Glucose Monitoring GATT Service.
Once it connects to a Central device, it generates dummy glucose measurement values.

> You can use it together with the Continuous Glucose module in the nRF Toolbox app.

Reviewer 2: It may be worth to mention that we can also use the `nrf Connect` app.?

Author: Good idea. nrf connect also support interpretation of the data.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/peripheral_cgm`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, connect to a smartphone
with the nRF Toolbox installed to test it as follows:

1. |connect_terminal_specific|
#. Reset the development kit.
#. Open the nRF Toolbox app and select the **Continuous Glucose** module.

> #. Click the name of the development kit to connect to it.
>    Authentication is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click the name of the development kit to connect to it.

   Authentication is required.
```
Needs an empty line, because the stuff is not actually a part of the step, just additional information between the steps.

   The device prints the pairing key in the terminal.

> #. Input the key on the client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Enter the pairing key on the client side.
```

> .. _peripheral_cgm:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _peripheral_cgms:
```
